Feature/init address integration (#136)
it-at-m/refarch: refarch-integrations/README.md

  s3-integration for file handling.
- [dms-integration](./refarch-dms-integration/README.md): For CRUD operations on a dms system in specific fabasoft. Uses
  s3-integration for file handling.

> - [address-integration](./refarch-email-integration/README.md): For reading, searching and validating addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [address-integration](./refarch-address-integration/README.md): For reading, searching and validating addresses using the LHM address service.
```

Gibt es vielleicht noch eine Referenz auf den LHM-Address-Service die Public liegt?

Author: Typo done.
As far as i know there isn't any other public information but not sure.
